## Project Context and Guidelines

- For Multiscale-Topic-Manifold-Learning, the goal is to implement a refactor of prior reference code which helped generate the results in papers/. Please read these to understand major ideas and add to the session context when starting a new session. 
- Code in the _drivers.py files was taken and pasted over from the prior reference code. When possible, we should re-use these functions instead of creating new implementations, unless otherwise specified. 
- The MstmlOrchestrator class in core.py is the main type that users are expected to interact with. 
- This MstmlOrchestrator should provide an interface which uses the other classes/methods/functions in order to:
  * Clean data in the form of various input document corpora
  * Preprocess texts
  * Disambiguate authors
  * Save cleaned data as dataframes and dictionaries into the data/<dataset_name>/clean/ folder
- The data/<dataset_name>/networks folder contents should be generated by a call to the orchestrator, which should generate networkx .graphml files for representing co-author networks.
- The dataframe_schema.py file should specify the column format of the main pandas dataframe containing the preprocessed and cleaned document corpus.
- Additions to the codebase should consider whether a prior implementation of the same functionality is already provided within the mstml/ directory. If unsure, it is better to ask than to replicate huge sections of code.
- The notebooks/ folder contains scripts which run through default call flows which utilize the mstml/ packaged code to demonstrate basic usage to future users.